README.rst, before:

************************
petrel
************************

Petrel is a non-HTTP toolkit for adding network capabilities to
programs. Think of it as websockets without the web, or a networked
dispatch table, or a networked command line.

Petrel works over Unix domain sockets or TCP. It optionally provides
TLS for link security, HMAC for message verification, and message
length limits to protect against memory exhaustion.

Petrel does not handle connection/user authentication, sessions, or
the like. That's up to the application.

Petrel is optimized for programmer ease-of-use but is decently
performant in real-world use.

Petrel has no external dependencies, and passes :code:`golint`,
:code:`go vet`, and :code:`go test -race` cleanly.

The current version is 0.26.0 (2016-10-14).

* Install: :code:`go get firepear.net/petrel`

* `Release notes <https://github.com/firepear/petrel/blob/master/RELEASE_NOTES>`_

* `Package documentation <http://godoc.org/firepear.net/petrel>`_

* `Coverage report <http://firepear.net/petrel/coverage.html>`_

* `Github <https://github.com/firepear/petrel>`_

Examples
========

See the demo `server
<https://github.com/firepear/petrel/blob/master/demo/01-basic/server.go>`_ and
`client
<https://github.com/firepear/petrel/blob/master/demo/01-basic/client.go>`_ for
worked examples of Petrel usage.

To see them in action, in one terminal, do ``go run demo/server.go`` to start the example
server.

In another terminal, try a few runs of the client, like::

  go run demo/client.go date
  go run demo/client.go echo whatever you feel like typing here
  go run demo/client.go
  go run demo/client.go foobar

When you're done, kill the server with C-c in its terminal.

Commit message:

updates, fixes, and adding report card badge

README.rst, after:

************************
petrel
************************

Petrel is a non-HTTP toolkit for adding network capabilities to
programs. With it you can define APIs of arbitrary complexity, using
any format you like.

Petrel works over Unix domain sockets or TCP. TLS for link security
and/or client authentication, HMAC for message verification, and
message length limits to protect against memory exhaustion can be
enabled.

Petrel does not handle sessions, non-TLS authentication, or the
like. That's up to the application.

Petrel is optimized for programmer ease-of-use but is decently
performant in real-world use.

There is a companion [Javascript client
library](https://github.com/firepear/petreljs) under development, but
it is not ready for prime time and requires a websocket-to-petrel
bridge.

Petrel has no external dependencies, and passes :code:`golint`,
:code:`go vet`, and :code:`go test -race` cleanly.

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/firepear.net/petrel)](https://goreportcard.com/report/firepear.net/petrel)

The current version is 0.30.0 (2016-11-29).

* Install: :code:`go get firepear.net/petrel`

* `Release notes <https://github.com/firepear/petrel/blob/master/RELEASE_NOTES>`_

* `Package documentation <http://godoc.org/firepear.net/petrel>`_

* `Coverage report <http://firepear.net/petrel/coverage.html>`_

* `Github <https://github.com/firepear/petrel>`_

Examples
========

See the demo `server
<https://github.com/firepear/petrel/blob/master/demo/01-basic/server.go>`_ and
`client
<https://github.com/firepear/petrel/blob/master/demo/01-basic/client.go>`_ for
worked examples of Petrel usage.

To see them in action, in one terminal, do ``go run demo/server.go`` to start the example
server.

In another terminal, try a few runs of the client, like::

  go run demo/client.go date
  go run demo/client.go echo whatever you feel like typing here
  go run demo/client.go
  go run demo/client.go foobar

When you're done, kill the server with C-c in its terminal.
